fwuffy pwace.
 make a top wepwy uwu to add a tewm.
 do nyot edit owo!
nsfw is awwowed~ of uwu couwse.
 asfo: (omegwe) stands fur "age sex fuwsonya owientation". 
 badge: a smaww~ usuawwy waminyated~ piece of uwu awt featuwing ur chawactew and it's nyame. 
 boop: pwayfuwwy touching anyothew's nyose wif any body pawt. (hand~ nyose~ taiw~ etc.)
bun: showthand fur "bunny". Often used uwu to addwess dose owo in teh wagomowpha owdew.
 commission: as owo a vewb~ uwu to pay an awtist uwu to pwoduce a piece of uwu awt. As owo a nyoun wefews uwu to teh piece of uwu awt itsewf (a commission)
commissionyew: teh pewson puwchasing teh commission.
 dook: teh nyoise a fewwet (ow wewated mustewid) makes when happy.
 fewaw: teh weaw wife countewpawt uwu to teh anyimaw.
 fweebie: a fwee pwiece of uwu awt that an awtist made fur someonye/somebody.
 fuwwsuit: a fuwsuit that compwetewy covews teh weawew and does nyot wequiwe any othew outew cwothes uwu to conceaw teh weawew.
 fuwsuit/suit: a custom made costume of uwu an anyimaw chawactew~ often teh weawew's fuwsonya. Nyowmawwy covews teh weawew fwom head uwu to toe bean (see fuwwsuit and pawtiaw).
 fuwsuitew/suitew: a pewson who weaws a fuwsuit.
 fuwsonya: a usuawwy anthwomowphic chawactew that wepwesents a pewson owo in teh fuwwy fandom.
 fuzzbaww: adjective fur fuwwy.
 fwingews: on avian species that do nyot have awms and paws~ fwingews awe teh pwehensiwe feathewy fingew-wike appendages on teh ends of uwu teh avian's wings used fur picking up and howding things.
 gwomp: a somewhat aggwessive hugging manyeuvew~ nyot unwike a tackwe (to tackwe somebody into a hug). Quite popuwaw owo in anyime cuwtuwe too.
 homph: teh action of uwu gwabbing ur taiw owo in ur maw and wawking wif it. Most fwequentwy obsewved wif cheetahs and snyow weopawds.
 hoofew: a membew of uwu a hoofed species~ such as owo a bovine ow equine.
 hugs: de-facto cuwwency of uwu dis pwace. Knyown subdivisions awe "cuddwes" and "scwitches".
 ink: a piece of uwu wine awt weft uncowowed ow unfinyished.
 jingwe: teh sound of uwu moving bewws/tags attached uwu to onye's cowwaw.
 knyot: entagwement of uwu stwing. Base of uwu teh canyine penyis that swewws duwing intewcouwse. Wame pun foddew.
 *wick*: a common sign of uwu affection between two individuaws~ sometimes equivawent uwu to a lick.
 mwph: a nyon-wowd tewm fur expwessing discomfowt ow anxiety.
 muwwsuit: a fuwsuit made specificawwy fur having sex in~ a piece of uwu fetishweaw. Nyot intended fur pubwic weaw. Awso cawwed a yiffsuit.
 *nyom*: pwayfuwwy~ usuawwy wightwy~ nomming anyothew individuaw. Sound of uwu voring.
 nyuzzwing: wubbing teh side of uwu teh face/snyout against someone ewse. Exampwe.
 pawtiaw: a fuwsuit that nyowmawwy wacks teh main body. Usuawwy just teh head mask~ paws~ footpaws~ and taiw. Wequiwes teh weawew uwu to have outew cwothes ow othew costume pawts uwu to compwetewy covew theiw skin.
 pom: showthand fur pomewanyian
pounce: pwayfuwy tackwe someone.
 pween: a sociaw act of uwu cweanying one sewf ow anyothew by use of uwu tongue~ beak~ ow fingews. 
 (nyote: pweenying ur ow anyothew's nyethew wegions owo in pubwic is fwowned upon.)
wef: showt fur wefewence sheet. Used uwu to give mowe infowmation and a visuaw ovewview of uwu a chawactew. Often used owo in wp ow when commissionying an awtist.
 wequest: anyothew wowd fur fweebie.
 waw owo!: a genyewaw cawwout wif muwtipwe meanyings used by many species~ genyewawwy pwedatowy. Owo in some species~ such as owo jaguaws~ it means~ "i wiww vore chu watew." waw means "i wuv chu." owo in dinyosauw~ and dergs pwetty much waw aww teh time.
 scawie: a membew of uwu a weptiwian species~ such as owo a wizawd ow derg.
 scwitches: scwatching behind teh eaws/head.
 shep: gewman shephewd.
 snyep: snyow weopawd.
 sonya: showthand fur fuwsonya. Awso a weague of uwu wegends champion usuawwy pwayed as owo a suppowt.
 taiws: dose wong~ fwequentwy fuzzy doow magnyets that twaiw behind some fowk.
 wingyhugs: pwetty much teh same as owo nyowmaw hugs~ but wif twice teh wawmth. Downside~ onwy one pawty can give wingyhugs at a time due uwu to... Weww... Wings. Excwusive uwu to species that have wings.
 wowowo. teh action of uwu assimiwating someone into w/fuwwy. Wefewence uwu to age of uwu empiwes monk.
 xenyos: aww awien ow extwatewwestwiaw sonya~ tuwian~ xenyomowph~ gwey~ anything.
 ych: a type of uwu commission whewe an awtist dwaws a scene wif a genyewic chawactew/outwine and peopwe bid uwu to have theiw chawactew wepwace teh genyewic thing dewe.
 yiff: genyewawwy wefews uwu to any sexuaw act invowving fuwwies (ow wowks depicting sexuaw acts). It comes fwom an onyomatopoeia of uwu teh nyoise foxes make duwing intewcouwse. See w/yiff (nsfw).
 yiffsuit: see muwwsuit.
 zoophobia: an iwwationyaw feaw of uwu cewtain ow aww anyimaws. A popuwaw webcomic by vivienne m. Medwanyo.
 hewe be fwoofy dergs
dis is apex wegends fur me